Create doc (#21378)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team: products/public-websites/Cerner-Support/how-to-move-facility-to-cerner.md

> # How to move a non-Cerner facility to being a Cerner facility

Reviewer: The way this is phrased kinda sounds like we are performing some sort of migration of data into Cerner's systems when we are really just setting up a link to a Cerner health care product for a particular VAMC. But this is really tricky to phrase because there are so many layers...Maybe `How to set up a VAMC's Cerner integration within the VA.gov health care portals`? That is a mouthful

Author: That works for me 🙂

## Purpose

If you just heard about a facility that is migrating to Cerner, then this document will walk you through how to prepare for it.

## Steps

> For the following steps, we will use __facility ID **463**__ as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the following steps, we will use the __Alaska VA Medical Center__ as an example.
```

> 1. Obtain the facility ID of the facility that will soon go live as a Cerner facility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Obtain the facility ID of the facility that will soon go live as a Cerner facility. 
    - In our example, we determine from leadership that the facility ID of the Alaska VA Medical Center is __463__.
```

> 1. Create a Pull Request on [`vets-api`](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api/pulls) that adds the facility ID as a feature toggle. For example, for facility ID 463, you should add:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a Pull Request on [`vets-api`](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api/pulls) that adds the facility ID as a feature toggle. In our example, the Alaska VA Medical Center has a facility ID of 463, so we would add:
```

```yml
cerner_override_463:
  actor_type: user
  description: >
    This will show the Cerner facility 463 as `isCerner`.
```

An example Pull Request for this can be found [here](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api/pull/6045/files).

1. Wait until your `vets-api` Pull Request is merged **and deployed**. You will then be able to find your feature toggles at https://api.va.gov/flipper/features. Refer to [the guide on how to work with Flipper feature toggles](https://department-of-veterans-affairs.github.io/veteran-facing-services-tools/platform/tools/feature-toggles/) for more details on how to enable/disable/etc. your new feature toggles.

> **WARNING: YOU MUST MERGE AND DEPLOY THE `vets-api` PULL REQUEST BEFORE MERGING THE `vets-website` PULL REQUEST DESCRIBED BELOW.**

Reviewer: Is there anything code-wise we can do to get around this ominous warning? Lol

Author: Very likely! We have to do this right now because of the `=== false` [here](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/blob/f2965706ccd1d500c1bc4a25c2a236f9eea6bb3b/src/platform/user/selectors.js#L30). If we could do `!state?.featureToggles?.[`cerner_override_${facilityId}`]` here instead, then it wouldn't be a problem, although I remember @jbalboni @erikphansen you and I decided to go for `=== false` for a reason (which I cannot remember why).

  - Add the feature toggle in [featureFlagNames](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/blob/671f982333e34256a22722ca0a816ee98846775e/src/platform/utilities/feature-toggles/featureFlagNames.js). For example, for facility ID 463 you would add `cernerOverride463: 'cerner_override_463',`. An example Pull Request for this can be found [here](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/pull/16295/files).

  - Add the facility ID to `CERNER_FACILITY_IDS` [here](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/blob/dbd95d9098ccd5acc1787ceb9ee3fc55da3e7852/src/platform/utilities/cerner/index.js#L5). An example Pull Request for this can be found [here](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/pull/16220/files).

1. Merge and deploy the newly created `vets-website` Pull Request. At this point, both the `vets-website` and `vets-api` Pull Requests should be merged and deployed. The last thing to do is to [enable the facility's `cerner_override_463` feature toggle](https://api.va.gov/flipper/features).

> ## Gotchas (edge cases)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to set up a VAMC's Cerner integration for only a subset of the health care products

By default, once you have set up a VAMC's Cerner integration, it is enabled for _all_ health care portals, including prescription refills, secure messaging, appointments, medical records, and test results. There may be cases where a VAMC's Cerner integration is limited to only one or more of these. In this case, you can add the VAMC's facility ID into a health care portal's "blocklist", which will disable the VAMC's Cerner integration for that particular health care portal.
```
